that's my word oh yeah no I mean let's I
think it's time to move on to to to what
what isil's do on YouTube you know to
add you know it all in all what dumb
vegans doing on YouTube you know well if
you if you want to we can both say why
we can both do a quick statement why we
started our YouTube channels I mean is
that what you're asking or no uh well I
mean we could start with that sure Go Go
okay if you got something else in mind
over that but you know I started my
youtube channel right after my divorce
or right after my split of him I still
legally we're not divorced we're still
in court getting divorced and before
that you know I had this blog that
durianrider helped make famous called
vegan mind tricks durianrider has
consistently said that there's something
evil about the name of that blog but you
can check it out good blog so my first
experience was kind of being a voice in
veganism known to people was was that
blog which was briefly really really
popular within the tumblr demi-monde and
tumblr is truly a demi-monde and i got
to kind of rehearse a lot of the
[ __ ] that i would later deal with on
youtube there so it really warmed me up
for the level of like hostility and
false rumors like even then people were
like just when it was a blog with no
video with no audio people made up
stories that I was sleeping with other
people on tumblr and stuff and was like
dude at that time I was married and
raising a newborn infants and living in
France it was ridiculous so all the crap
on youtube you can also have on you know
a blog or Twitter or tumblr or something
you don't mean and then you know after
after we after we split up it was very
unclear where I was going to be living
in what I was going to be doing so one
of my main reasons for starting a
YouTube channel was like well if I get
hit by a bus tomorrow I want my daughter
to know what I sound like and what I
look like and what was important to me
and one of the first if you watch the
really early videos one of the reasons
why I lot of them talk about Buddhism I
did not want my daughter to think that I
was a true believer in Buddhism like
that I was a superstitious believer in
Buddhism because I knew one of when she
grows up one of the first things people
are going to tell her is oh you know
your father used to be a scholar of
Buddhism so it's really easy for a kid
think oh ok this is you know swear
that's influenced a kid pretty deeply
that's part of the legacy of the family
so one of the first things I wanted to
talk about was what does what does it
mean to me why was it so important in my
life and why did I move on and to make
it really clear that I'm not a super I
never was a superstitious believer in
Buddhism and that in that religious
sense and then obviously veganism
already was a huge part of my life I
mean you know and so a lot of my videos
were both veganism I did not assume when
I started the channel that veganism
would be ninety-nine percent of the
content well I know maybe now it's
ninety-five percent I do talk about some
of the stuff I actually assumed at
different points that that politics like
politics in Asia and maybe even politics
in Canada would be a larger part of what
i was doing on youtube but i could not
get anyone to cooperate with me you know
taiwan is one thing but then I moved to
Canada I was living on the west coast of
Canada so if they're just been a couple
of smart bright eyed people living on
the west coast of Canada I wanted to
talk about politics or make anything
happen related to politics I would have
put that on YouTube but there was nobody
and there was nothing so veganism was
really the one thing on my channel
because it was the one thing I could do
alone and yell it the first year on
YouTube was real lonely so and now it is
what it is now you know I'm the most
famous vegan who makes videos saying
that I hate vegans that's what I am on
the number one self eating vegan that's
my niche man okay so how about you man
why did you decide to get in the YouTube
game I guess you know I should obviously
preface this with you know saying I'm it
there's no question about the dumb vegan
youtube channel is is completely
irrelevant at this point I mean there's
no question about that I'm not making
any you know you know any misconceptions
about that I I'm not kidding myself uh
but i think you know i just had to I
mean it's a certain point I mean you you
watch enough you know people on YouTube
and you know like i say i've been vegan
for two and a half years i took you know
was watching the videos for a while
before that and I mean you know you can
only watch so many of these videos until
you start to wonder if you've got
something to you know something to throw
into the
into the ring and you know sometimes you
just feel like you got to throw a little
a little wrench in there as well and do
you have do you have a background in
theater or in comedy you have a
background of their gut um no not really
okay it seems to me you came out as a
bit of a pro I mean you seem to really
know what you're doing in terms of
putting together a comedy sketch yeah I
have I have some experience doing acting
and stuff you know I'd filming video
production so I mean it's I felt like
you know hey I mean that part of it is
kind of ascension then let's just see if
I can figure out you know something that
i can feel like you know i don't know
like that I wouldn't get bogged down
doing and I definitely don't want to be
I mean what's the point of you know
having a taking the your channel in a
direction that you know there's hundreds
of other people doing I did try that
like a couple years ago and I just I
mean it wasn't sustainable is like well
I mean this just isn't doing it for me I
can there's people that can do the you
know more straightforward stuff much
better than I can you know whatever you
remember like you know vegan games vegan
gains came at this as a guy his
background was in professional
photography just like and its really
when you think about it for vegan gains
he had to make such a transition he had
to buy wigs he started doing sketches
but you can tell any of the unscripted
interviews with vegan gains he is not
naturally that kind of guy he is not the
kind of guy you can get on stage and
improv or you know MC an event or just
be a charming you know actor he's just
not that type at all but he managed to
really to really do it so just say for
you like I'm not gonna flatter you
unduly but in terms of looking at your
first bunch of videos anyone who looks
at your first five videos and then looks
it goes way back and looks at vegan
gains as for some videos I think they
would say oh wow ok this guy dumb vegan
you know you you you got a shot now you
know obviously the upper limits of
stardom with in the digital game mother
pretty low but for sure I mean you know
I think I think you could put it this
way you could easily have as big an
audience as Joe vegan ever got or bigger
so I say that to encourage you
and Joe vegan again there's a guy with
zero background in the theater 0
background in the arts and you know for
a while there he really built up you
know big audience so you know if you
want the encouragement that I think
that's a very reasonable encouragement
for me to give you right uh yeah I mean
I'll take encouragement from anyone so
um but yeah I mean yeah yeah i agree i
mean i think you know the upper limits
of start i mean i have to probably get
on the i probably have to get on the
gear and be making some serious gains if
i ever wanted to get into you know this
these uh you know higher levels of
youtube ashalon because you kind of have
to have the whole package to i I really
disagree cuz look at the amazing atheist
uh he's pretty hideous and he always was
and when he started off he was even
uglier you know and he really managed to
build up a following just based on I
guess his sense of humor and his
commitment to coming on camera and
ridiculing himself so you know that yeah
I just say there are real examples of
that yeah yeah yeah I mean yeah that my
message to you know other people that
would be interested in I would say like
well you know don't worry about that you
just as long as you have the commitment
and as long as you as long as you're
willing to take criticism and you know
be willing to look at yourself
objectively and what you're doing and be
able to you know sidestep or you know
pivot you know when necessary you know
to keep things going don't don't go down
a road that's not going anywhere you
know things like that then then yeah I
mean virtually anybody can have a
success if that's really what what's
driving them and that's really what they
want I mean I that's remains to be seen
I'm just great you know dabbling my my
foot in and even just seeing what the
whole things about so sure but the other
thing that's great about YouTube is just
that you meet people wherever you're
living unless you live in kunming china
because YouTube is illegal in China in
case you hadn't heard can't watch it
here but like you know even if your
channel has a smaller number I mean for
me back on my channel had a smaller
number of viewers still like on my
university campus in Canada other vegans
knew who I was and you know
III think that's a really positive thing
and again like uh uh yeah and I mean I
guess yeah again for anybody that is
interested you know in in trying it out
i mean it's it's kind of funny because
you know like nobody's watching my
videos it which is totally cool but um
you know your ripples you can I get
there's a couple little things that you
know like some some ideas that I put out
there enough I've seen you know little
little aspects of things that have
popped up in a couple other people's
videos and I'm like um I mean I might
just be flattering myself but I have a
feeling that they were a little bit
influenced by something even and I know
that you know some of these content
creators are watching my videos because
there's been a couple comments and wait
you know I can hear them talking madam
or whatever so I would you know
encourage people say like you know you
might not get a bunch of use or anything
like that but at least you'll you'll
feel you'll feel relevant even if you
aren't you know I take it you live
somewhere in the United States like it
opposite but like what state or what
general region do you live in the
Pacific Northwest oh no kidding so
you're actually quite close to where i
was i was in victoria ok victoria bc is
basically the the Pacific Northwest ok
well well I was just gonna say I think
even you know up one of the concepts
have talked about a lot on the internet
in relation to religion and politics and
veganism so not always big is the idea
of a crossroads you know you create a
crossroads and then you show you see who
shows up you know what I mean but I
think definitely the Pacific Northwest
there are so many vegans there so many
people interested that you know it can
bring positive people into your life you
know um I mean for me I got a question
on you now a couple days ago but only a
couple days ago someone was asking me
you know would you ever date a YouTube
viewer in real life and I said man
everybody who knows me in real life is a
YouTube you were mine like you know if I
meet a woman here on the street and what
give her my phone number like complete
stranger the reality is the first thing
she's going to learn about me is my
youtube channel you know even if I don't
tell her she's gonna google me and find
me or whatever so like you know the way
YouTube interacts with the rest your
life you know what I mean I die it could
be negative it could be that someone who
meets me or someone is having for job
the first thing they see is durianrider
saying what a despicable person I am
all right but you know I think I think
that's a positive thing for the future
for most of us is that you put up a
YouTube channel it becomes a crossroads
and people have something in common with
you maybe it's that they have a sense of
humor in common with you maybe it's that
they have a certain kind of activist
macomb with you you know you can meet
those people and otherwise I think you
never would or you could be a long time
waiting I buhdeuce yen